# D-D-Stories

##Monday July 30th, 2018
My players spent 2 hours in one room. Well, to be honest, 1 of them spent 2 hours in a room
They had to pass into a skull to get into the room, whose jaws would close after the 3rd person. Well they sent in the player whose ran this module before, but is taking a backseat on decisions. Then had him pick up this crystal box, which triggers combat against a big creature. Well, RIP player as the creature flies, and the player is a Paladin with no range. He dies, as the others realize they fucked up and tried to hack through a 5' thick stone wall, which I gave AC 15, 300 HP, immune to non-magical weapons, immune to radiant damage (which reflects as necrotic), resistant to magical weapons of non-elemental type, and every 1d3 rounds, causes 2 flesh golems to appear from the corners and attack the players.

Eventually the players got through, but the player they sent to his doom, died. That was his second character that died in this campaign. He didn't act like a bitch, like the others do when theirs is about to die. Then the player who ordered the other to enter the room alone had his two kids in the game, a 12 year old girl and a 15 year old boy (mentioned from previous stories). The girl would say she's casting a spell, then go back on her tablet, never say what spell, when asked, will pick up a spell card and flick or toss it to the map and sit back on her phone/tablet, then when i asked her to
roll, she rolls damage (not to hit), then back to the phone/tablet without announcing damage. I'm like, roll to hit, she ignores me. I sigh. Then his son is like going crazy as fuck on me, and says hes doing this and that and this and that, mind you in 6 second rounds, he wants to do 1 minute of actions. I try to get him to organize it, and he flips out on me. The dad ignores it, and asks me what happens.

I almost walked out

So the player that died rolled up another character, which breaks my game entirely. in a normal round 4 attakcs per action, then with an action surge, gets in a total of 7 and the damage is plus 52 points. He one shotted a 89hp creature. it's a legal and to the book character, and i'm not upset, but i'm like, how do i combat this?

Then, cuz it was his 2nd character that died, i'm like, dude don't array your stats, roll em. you're gunna break the game, go to the max man. and take this +2 1-handed crossbow. Dudes been the most real bro in the game.

##Saturday, July 28th, 2018
so on saturday, we had our every other sat session. things were going okay, but instead of their intended plan of going to gather intel from a shrine nearby, they decided to wonder this ruined city, that's about 2sq miles, looking for at least one of the known 6 other inhabitants who are wanderers. this took 4 real time hours before i just threw the dice away and gave them the encounter.

then they got the intel and began the journey into the last chapter dungeon. Well first check they needed to avoid a trap, one of them failed, and started to argue with me on the rules/calling. I made it by the book. It took 5 min of arguing before I snapped and said, "Look, I'm doing this out of my own free will and my own personal time. I'm not here to argue or getting paid for this. I'm running the game here for you guys, so either accept the rolls and the outcome, or just go." To which one of them replied, "Well, we're here of our own accord and free time as well." I asked him, "How many hours a week do you put into your character? I put in about 8 - 12 hours a week for each of our 2 hour sessions." That shut him up, but not the one arguing me. He has a background of 3.5 and pathfinder and keeps saying "Well in previous editions..." I tell him, "I don't care what pathfinder does, 3.5 does, A&A does, or what Starfinder does. 5e does it like this. You've been playing this system for 8 months with me. If you're not liking the rules, step out and start a 3.5 campaign."

We're on the fucking final leg to finish this game, and they know my DMing style. They keep wanting to change things that we've been doing consistently, like crit fails on any check/save is a fail, to start adding their actual mods.

I'm lke, we can for the next game, but for now let's just keep going like this. I introduced a sheet/table that everyone agreed on for nat 20's and crit fails in combat, as they loved the outcome on them, but when actually applied, i had another player throw a shit fit cuz their d100 roll just knocked them prone. I said, we can take it away, but just know, you agreed to this after reading it. "Well, I didn't think i'd get something this bad. I just want the nat 20 table." Then mention that instead of just agreeing.

Then another player, the one who argued that hes here of his own will, brings his son and daughter to play. Well it was just him and his son this time, and while I always engage him in roleplay, he's 15, so he wants to drink, swear, flip people off, his RP involves assinine questions/responses/snide remarks, which is like why would an NPC wanna deal with this? Yet I still continue to engage when they encounter new NPC's. At the end of the last session he stood up and said, I just wanna say, you guys need to let me be more involved. I just sit here and do nothing. Everyone replied the same thing I was thinking. But the kid sits there and has headphones in, picks/eats his nose findings, and just wonders.

I'm not going to babysit him. If your kid has ADD, you know, get him on medication or therapy or something. I'm on my medication, but my mom would whoop my ass if i did something like that in a public setting where someone else was dedicating time to give them a world to play in

If tonight ends up like shit, i'm packing up and leaving. This dungeon is hard, its trapped, there are complex things that'll happen. Paying attention to notes/comments/details i give are important. until now, they've not been taking notes, interacting with NPCs, etc, and I'm having to work harder to give it to them
